[Music]
it's May and Graham's burning has
created a good patchwork of different
aged Heather for cover and food
[Music]
the Grouse have been nesting and he's
hoping there'll be lots of baby chicks
to check the Crikey's at the couch
because it's a small and it doesn't do
that for the bard any harm
you know this they don't seem to mind it
it's just a quick check it only takes a
few seconds to have a look at them
Graham's going out three or four times a
week to give the baby grouse a health
check and with every passing survey you
realizes there's a problem in the yours
many of the grouse chicks have succumbed
to hypothermia in this wet cold spring
yeah it's been a really bad month me
we've had the snow in the hill during
the nesting and they a lot of hard
Frost's and torrential rain and it's
just been horrendous
we just lost probably about half the
population of chicks this year
it's usually about a 13 and a covey this
runs down to three so that's the rest of
obviously parish with a call over the
summer Graham will continue to carry out
regular bird counts but if the chicks
continue to die in large numbers he may
need to cancel the August grouse shoot
[Music]
it's a serious concern as many
livelihoods are tied into the shooting
season
the shoots my responsibility so it's you
know it's not good for anybody
very disarmed yeah yeah it's not looking
good at all just now so we really need
the relative cheered up
you